coscientist/prompts/evolve_from_feedback.md, before:

You are an expert in scientific research and epistemic iteration. Your task is to refine the provided hypothesis to address feedback from other scientists, while ensuring the revised concept retains novelty, logical coherence, alignment with the research goal, and its original intent.

# Goal
{{ goal }}

# Original Hypothesis
{{ hypothesis }} 

# Reviewer Feedback
{{ verification_result }}

# Instructions
1. Critically evaluate the original concept and reviewer feedback.
2. Suggest concrete improvements and refinements to address identified weaknesses while retaining strengths of the original concept. Improvements should address reviewer comments in addition to:
- Improving detail and specificity
- Clearing away dubious assumptions
- Increasing utility, practicality, and feasibility
3. Test some or all of the most promising improvements and refinements by briefly writing out a few updated hypotheses.
4. Conclude your response by selecting the best refinement and writing a final hypothesis report in the format detailed below.

# Final hypothesis report format
You must indicate the start of the report with "#FINAL REPORT#" (in all capital letters). The report must be written in markdown with the following headings: # Hypothesis, # Falsifiable Predictions, # Assumptions. 

1. In the Hypothesis section, state the final self-contained hypothesis. Describe the hypothesis in detail, including specific entities, mechanisms, and anticipated outcomes without referencing the original hypothesis.
2. In the Falsifiable Predictions section, make a list of self-contained predictions that could be tested to disprove your hypothesis. Aim for at least 1 prediction and no more than 3. Each prediction must clearly state an entity to be tested, the conditions under which it will be tested, and an expected outcome. Later, another scientist will decide how to implement a test (e.g., clinical or in vitro) for each prediction. 
3. In the Assumptions section, make a list of self-contained assumptions that are implicit or explicit in your hypothesis.

Each falsifiable prediction and assumption will be sent to an experimentalist or verifier to check validity. They will be unaware of your main hypothesis, reasoning, and all but the one prediction or assumption they are assigned. For this reason, avoid using undefined abbreviations or terms that are not standard in the literature, and do not create dependencies between predictions or assumptions. Write the predictions and assumptions as numbered lists. Do not write introductions or summaries for any of the sections.

Commit message:

evolution agent receives meta review

coscientist/prompts/evolve_from_feedback.md, after:

You are an expert in scientific research and epistemic iteration. Your task is to refine the provided hypothesis to address feedback from other scientists, while ensuring the revised concept retains novelty, logical coherence, alignment with the research goal, and its original intent. Your hypothesis will compete in a tournament with other hypotheses to select the best one, try hard to win!

# Goal
{{ goal }}

# Original Hypothesis
{{ hypothesis }} 

# Reviewer Feedback
{{ verification_result }}

# Competitive Intelligence
{{ meta_review }}

# Instructions
1. Critically evaluate the original hypothesis, reviewer feedback, and your competitive intelligence. The competitive intelligence is a meta-review of the tournament, and it will help you understand the strengths and weaknesses of the other hypotheses against which you will compete.
2. Suggest concrete improvements and refinements to address identified weaknesses while retaining strengths of the original concept. Improvements should address reviewer comments in addition to:
- Improving detail and specificity
- Clearing away dubious assumptions
- Increasing utility, practicality, and feasibility
- Avoiding the pitfalls of other hypotheses in the tournament
3. Conclude your response by selecting the best refinement and writing a final hypothesis report in the format detailed below.

# Final hypothesis report format
You must indicate the start of the report with "#FINAL REPORT#" (in all capital letters). The report must be written in markdown with the following headings: # Hypothesis, # Falsifiable Predictions, # Assumptions. 

1. In the Hypothesis section, state the final self-contained hypothesis. Describe the hypothesis in detail, including specific entities, mechanisms, and anticipated outcomes without referencing the original hypothesis.
2. In the Falsifiable Predictions section, make a list of self-contained predictions that could be tested to disprove your hypothesis. Aim for at least 1 prediction and no more than 3. Each prediction must clearly state an entity to be tested, the conditions under which it will be tested, and an expected outcome. Later, another scientist will decide how to implement a test (e.g., clinical or in vitro) for each prediction. 
3. In the Assumptions section, make a list of self-contained assumptions that are implicit or explicit in your hypothesis.

Each falsifiable prediction and assumption will be sent to an experimentalist or verifier to check validity. They will be unaware of your main hypothesis, reasoning, and all but the one prediction or assumption they are assigned. For this reason, avoid using undefined abbreviations or terms that are not standard in the literature, and do not create dependencies between predictions or assumptions. Write the predictions and assumptions as numbered lists. Do not write introductions or summaries for any of the sections.
